gonna twat that cunt. Boring bastard
is a fucking cunt
we don't play that Gay shit !!!
You a fuck nigga and it ain't a secret ...
You look like complete and utter shit today
yeah fuck you asshole
Shit happens, deal with it.
fuck up ya fool!
you're a piece of shit
fuck you dumb ass mutha fucka
Your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt.
u smell like a lot of shit
If college hasn't made you consider being a stripper once or twice, then you ain't taking the right classes.
FUCK U U CUNT WHORE SLUT BAG DOUCHE BITCH FAG PUSSY COCKBREATH FAGGOT
stupid fuck
Fuck off.
I'll fuck your girl then RT you like nothing ever happened.
LA Models won't need you anymore once I fuck you up
Fuck you and them bitches that you came with
sound like some stupid ass
fuck she pisses me off
the fucking paki cunt
You're probably so fuckin salty bc your dick is little as fuck lol
if you feel offended... Fuck you
I would fuck the shit outta you
Bit of a cunt thing to do. Don't you think so, mate?
I'll give a fuck you to the face
Staying away from and the thick as pig shit band wagon jumping.
and you're a cunt
you're gonna shit your pants man
You can't tell me shit. Who the fuck is you ?
what a cunt. bet yo mumm is proud.
fuck yu bitchhhh
is the most annoying shit ever.
Give a fuck bout your feelings.
Huh? Nigga what? Huh? Give a fuck , nigga whaaaaat ?!
is a piece of shit
i will fuck u up
is so gay, just go in the real military
Omg no one cares cunt
No one gives a shit
YOU BITCHES SAY SHIT LIKE ' PUT DI DICK IN ME BLOODY ARSE '
ass hole
lazy piece of shit
wow @person's stupid asf.
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine? Once upon a time I didnt give a fuck, the end
working for the taliban the cunt
r u from europe because europiece of shit..
why you going to send me a gay ass message to me?
FUCK YOU BUTT ASS BOT
go to bed black fuck
fuck you you queer.
Fuck off @person. It's called the Whitehouse for a reason.
If ya gonna like dudes be open with the shit no need to hide people find out about ya gayness anyway
ur as gay as fuck
it means u gay as fuck nigga
lmao why yuu doin all this gay shit
gay ass
ur so fucking gay
you is gay as fuck
loves shit up his ass , gayass nigga
fuck yu fuck yu fuck u
fuck outta here
suck my dick you stupid ass cunt
listen here u little shit
Why don't you just fuck off and stop lying you Tory cunt
Hoe shut the fuck up.
You're attractive, But your personality is shit.
hahaha fuck you
just fuck off
Fuck he can go die in a hole.
Fuck off i hate u now
go eat my shit
suck A fuck
You are annoying as fuck. I don't give a fuck about every detail of your damn life.
fuck you lil bitch
f a g g o t
you cheap ass mother fucking cunt
You really are a shit organisation, aren't you? #Idiots
who the fuck is going to have sex with her. She has such a big forehead
FUCK OFF FAGGOT ASS CUNT
girl shut up lil hoe all you do is talk
you sick f*ck
Shut the fuck up ah , go suck dick
Yes, just fuck you
oh shit the koons up
you're a wanker.
your a wanker
fuck off you queer fuck
LOL #tosser
haha wanker.
suck my prick with ya chavvy tram lines wtf has anything on here gta do wid you ya paki!!!
falsecoat bravado ? Paki, you need towipe out that cocokroach cum on your face . People gave up their lives. Not suck pig dick lik u
What an utter tosser! His crap practically writes itself, or better, a pig could write it...or does, actually!
We all know a wanker called
You wanker in your big, expensive car compensating for your small cock
you know your a fucking wanker when you cant do anything else apart from check peoples spelling #turnip
"Born to be a wanker!!" #Gaaaaaay
your madrassa paki knowledge is not worth typing fk off
you're not even at school queer.
shut it you unemployed wanker
fuck off u wanker
prick
HAHAHAHAHAH you fucking wanker
your a queer
you IDIOT why the hell would you do that! told youu queer.
come bring your signs - but remember if u don't show up you will be judged as queer and sent straight to hell
so jealous, you wanker!
you look like road kill hahah wanker
theres wanker and scumbag talking each other
feel better queer?
ya wanker
wanker nigga
fuck you queer boy
what the fuck is wrong with Fascism all of a sudden you Fascist hating wanker
!! Yer a wanker! Yer a wanker!
Dont drink beer, you're a queer
is a right queer
You a queer. End of discussion. suck a dick sunday
Send that queer bait back to Indonesia
Fucking tosser, fucking tosser
don't shut up paki.
you really are a tosser
not as low as me u wanker
You wanker
Stfu queer
what a spoiled wanker.
fucking hell not this wanker
fucking tosser
you're a fuckin queer
you're the 2 beer queer faggot
cuntish wanker
posh wanker
oh giggles. Your paki shit tickling some Fatima , surprise surprise. If your done Wanking 2 your own paki fart , die.
is proper tosser
#wanker
Could you be more of a wanker?
take out your paki titties
lmao. - fucking paki
#transsexual #queer #sissy
Whatever...queer
You lying hypocritical tosser!
hahah stop posting pictures of yourself and play some football, queer
Wanker! U got ur ass kicked and cried like a baby! Boo hoo!
your a corrupt Barstard anyway killing football!! #wanker
This wanker on twitter have no idea what we say haha
briefcase wanker
Suffers from erection problems too, the little wanker!
I have reasoning you don't your just one cave nosed wanker
i'd say retire considering you'll lose again tbh #loser #wanker
you miserable wanker!!!
Get off of twitter you queer
you fucking queer
is a queeer
you do the fucking kick off glitch so it doesnt count you paki prick
yeah he's a colossal wanker, I don't know 1 person that likes him at all
god ur gay u queer
IMHO(HONESTLY) FUCK OFF WANKER
Sitting reading in Costa like a right wanker.
We all know a wanker called
i hate you... wanker
Lol shut up you fuckin wanker
Follow this queer
You guys are queer
I called you a fuckin paki wank job you Cunt , you wanna be yellow or black be it
you are an absolute wanker!
what.no i dont.paki explain
you still a wanker?
quit being a queer
is wearing wellies, what a wanker
you are actually a queer
i dont remeber a thing so suck it queer
Your nothing but a fat fascist wanker
Two-faced wanker
stuck up wanker thinks hes twitter famous
thanks queer
RT if you'd love to personally beat the shit out of this queer! His gay ass could never make it in our military!
time-wasting wanker
Ps fuck off wi emojis 24/7 iphone wanker
At least u can now claim to be a 5s wanker
tosspot wanker fucking twat
what the fuck are you rambling about fucking queer
I am not paying a fine for falling u a prick u twat dick head wanker bellend fuck u
yeah stay blonde #queer
mail me on facebook you wanker
is such a grotesque wanker.
yes but it still means you're a wanker
HBD TO THIS KOON WHORE
is a right dickhead, running round been everyone's lil bitch. You can't even cook you fool wanker
oh Lol maybe el-queer
Fuck off wanker
Well you're funny as fuck. Wanker.
Texas queer
queer boy
You queer!
you're queer as fuck
lmao debating whether mandela will make it to heaven as a non-muslim, will ur paki uncle who pervs on 16 yr old girls make it too
You look like you like a bit of cock
I will rip your fucking balls off
someone's not celebrating a paki Christmas this year
you're just a wanker!!!
the wanker yanker
Isn't that useless tosser who played for us a few years back? Was utter shite and got displaced
U still have that paki flag in ur room???
What a total tosser you are, have you no shame. You should hang your head and crawl back under you stone you prick
thanks queer!
you glory hunting cunt
