you get my friend suspended I'll rape your mum.Naah jk no one wants that black whore. God you're so unlucky, born to a nigger
Yes, it'll complete your prissy image.
You look a complete tool ignorant idiot.
he's a total cock end!!! Shit performer too
thanks for taking the time to be an utter cunt
That's because is an idiot. Complete jackass
is a complete moron
are complete liars
no it's being a complete tool
is a total SHIT HEAD!
another crazy nut,who is a communist and total jerk
total puck slut
- I am very pissed off. With the lack of effort put into this pile of shit you've created! You complete waste of semen wankers
why do you employ complete morons to help
your game is utter bullshit. I'm playing Pro Evo from now on. Cunts.
its total shit. complete and total shit.
is a complete wingnut
was a total creep, licking his lips as he eyed you up and down, slimey prick
lol what a total crock if jew bullshit
Your mother is a complete idiot.
And you know you need me to complete that *smirk*
that's being a total dickhead btw
Shes been a total bitch
what complete and utter crap
complete and utter twat
ur obv a wum or a complete cock
you're a total idiot.
you are talking utter dogwank #PlasticTwat
Total asshole
he stands over me and stares like a total creep
Mission piss off complete
and thats bullshit
stop tweeti g total shite about boyfriends its filling my time line with bollox #pyscogirl
I hear you are pleading not guilty to your drug taking. Utter disgrace love
OH FUCK OFF AND ROT YOU TOTAL UPTIGHT, STUBBORN, SANCTIMONIOUS C U N T
Please do not give to they are a total con!!! @http
someone did for her to do a complete 180 with this asshole
your parents are soulless fucks. No wonder you're a total waste of sperm. Stupid idiot.
Total. Fucking. Hypocrite.
complete nonce
You're lesbian? You're not attracted to men.. but you're dating girls that looks like men. That makes complete sense!
let's fucking hope so, the current you is a total twat.
Why do you feel the need to talk utter bullshit.
what an utter fuckwit
no actually your pulling all of this out of your ass. All of what you said is complete bullshit
is disgusting
Haha fuckin total brass neck, sad bastard.
theres always that one person at work thats a complete cunt
you're a complete fraud
you're the one that's a complete dork
That guy is a total wackjob!
You look like a beached whale. What a complete and utter wanker.
